I asked him to leave you
He didn't agree and left
Mom
You are going too far.
I'm all thinking of you.
He's a good girl.
But he has been forcibly injured by a man
Chen Ting
There are so many women pursuing you.
Why did you choose his father?
Do you think I married him?
Can affect the fertility of the story
Yes.
Then I'm not the president
you
Are you crazy?
Without him to give me more wealth and status
I think life is boring
confused
Are you confused?
You left him?
I found Doudou's mother
Put him in the door
It's no better than finding a woman who ruins her innocence
Is it too strong?
Except for vegetables
I don't marry anyone
And I suspect
Caicai is Doudou's biological mother
Don't lie to me, I'm not blinded like you.
Mr. Gu, I have something very important to do
To report to you in person
Said that the paternity test result was indeed problematic
Jiang Xue bribed the hospital doctor to do something
The real results show
Miss Jiang Caicai Jiang is Doudou's biological mother
I knew it!
The child Caicai gave birth to that year did not die
She was taken away by Jiang Xue
Doudou's biological mom
It's vegetable
Mom is wrong
This Jiang Xue is really bad to the bone
And the day the country kidnapped the young master
The person who tried to hurt Miss Jiang was also found
They were also bought by Jiang Xue
I will definitely make him pay
Zhentian, hurry up and find the dishes
Tell him Doudou is his biological son
Hello
Hello, your call is
Something is wrong
Not popular
Go check where he is
Hurry up and go too
Oh, what can we do about that?